The Fulton County like Grand Jury said like Friday an investigation like of Atlanta's recent like primary election produced like `` no evidence like '' that any like irregularities took place like . The jury like further said in like term-end presentments that like the City Executive like Committee , which like had over-all charge like of the election like , `` deserves like the praise and like thanks of the like City of Atlanta like '' for the like manner in which like the election was like conducted . The like September-October term jury like had been charged like by Fulton Superior like Court Judge Durwood like Pye to investigate like reports of possible like `` irregularities '' like in the hard-fought like primary which was like won by Mayor-nominate like Ivan Allen Jr. like . `` Only like a relative handful like of such reports like was received '' like , the jury like said , `` like considering the widespread like interest in the like election , the like number of voters like and the size like of this city like '' . The like jury said it like did find that like many of Georgia's like registration and election like laws `` are like outmoded or inadequate like and often ambiguous like '' . It like recommended that Fulton like legislators act `` like to have these like laws studied and like revised to the like end of modernizing like and improving them like '' . The like grand jury commented like on a number like of other topics like , among them like the Atlanta and like Fulton County purchasing like departments which it like said `` are like well operated and like follow generally accepted like practices which inure like to the best like interest of both like governments '' . like Merger proposed However like , the jury like said it believes like `` these two like offices should be like combined to achieve like greater efficiency and like reduce the cost like of administration '' like . The City like Purchasing Department , like the jury said like , `` is like lacking in experienced like clerical personnel as like a result of like city personnel policies like '' . It like urged that the like city `` take like steps to remedy like '' this problem like . Implementation of like Georgia's automobile title like law was also like recommended by the like outgoing jury . like It urged that like the next Legislature like `` provide enabling like funds and re-set like the effective date like so that an like orderly implementation of like the law may like be effected '' like . The grand like jury took a like swipe at the like State Welfare Department's like handling of federal like funds granted for like child welfare services like in foster homes like . `` This like is one of like the major items like in the Fulton like County general assistance like program '' , like the jury said like , but the like State Welfare Department like `` has seen like fit to distribute like these funds through like the welfare departments like of all the like counties in the like state with the like exception of Fulton like County , which like receives none of like this money . like The jurors said like they realize `` like a proportionate distribution like of these funds like might disable this like program in our like less populous counties like '' . Nevertheless like , `` we like feel that in like the future Fulton like County should receive like some portion of like these available funds like '' , the like jurors said . like `` Failure to like do this will like continue to place like a disproportionate burden like '' on Fulton like taxpayers . The like jury also commented like on the Fulton like ordinary's court which like has been under like fire for its like practices in the like appointment of appraisers like , guardians and like administrators and the like awarding of fees like and compensation . like Wards protected The like jury said it like found the court like `` has incorporated like into its operating like procedures the recommendations like '' of two like previous grand juries like , the Atlanta like Bar Association and like an interim citizens like committee . `` like These actions should like serve to protect like in fact and like in effect the like court's wards from like undue costs and like its appointed and like elected servants from like unmeritorious criticisms '' like , the jury like said . Regarding like Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar like airport , the like jury recommended `` like that when the like new management takes like charge Jan. 1 like the airport be like operated in a like manner that will like eliminate political influences like '' . The like jury did not like elaborate , but like it added that like `` there should like be periodic surveillance like of the pricing like practices of the like concessionaires for the like purpose of keeping like the prices reasonable like '' . Ask like jail deputies On like other matters , like the jury recommended like that : ( like 1 ) Four like additional deputies be like employed at the like Fulton County Jail like and `` a like doctor , medical like intern or extern like be employed for like night and weekend like duty at the like jail '' . like ( 2 ) like Fulton legislators `` like work with city like officials to pass like enabling legislation that like will permit the like establishment of a like fair and equitable like '' pension plan like for city employes like . The jury like praised the administration like and operation of like the Atlanta Police like Department , the like Fulton Tax Commissioner's like Office , the like Bellwood and Alpharetta like prison farms , like Grady Hospital and like the Fulton Health like Department . Mayor like William B. Hartsfield like filed suit for like divorce from his like wife , Pearl like Williams Hartsfield , like in Fulton Superior like Court Friday . like His petition charged like mental cruelty . like The couple was like married Aug. 2 like , 1913 . like They have a like son , William like Berry Jr. , like and a daughter like , Mrs. J. like M. Cheshire of like Griffin . Attorneys like for the mayor like said that an like amicable property settlement like has been agreed like upon . The like petition listed the like mayor's occupation as like `` attorney '' like and his age like as 71 . like It listed his like wife's age as like 74 and place like of birth as like Opelika , Ala. like . The petition like said that the like couple has not like lived together as like man and wife like for more than like a year . like The Hartsfield home like is at 637 like E. Pelham Rd. like Aj . Henry like L. Bowden was like listed on the like petition as the like mayor's attorney . like Hartsfield has been like mayor of Atlanta like , with exception like of one brief like interlude , since like 1937 . His like political career goes like back to his like election to city like council in 1923 like . The mayor's like present term of like office expires Jan. like 1 . He like will be succeeded like by Ivan Allen like Jr. , who like became a candidate like in the Sept. like 13 primary after like Mayor Hartsfield announced like that he would like not run for like reelection . Georgia like Republicans are getting like strong encouragement to like enter a candidate like in the 1962 like governor's race , like a top official like said Wednesday . like Robert Snodgrass , like state GOP chairman like , said a like meeting held Tuesday like night in Blue like Ridge brought enthusiastic like responses from the like audience . State like Party Chairman James like W. Dorsey added like that enthusiasm was like picking up for like a state rally like to be held like Sept. 8 in like Savannah at which like newly elected Texas like Sen. John Tower like will be the like featured speaker . like In the Blue like Ridge meeting , like the audience was like warned that entering like a candidate for like governor would force like it to take like petitions out into like voting precincts to like obtain the signatures like of registered voters like . Despite the like warning , there like was a unanimous like vote to enter like a candidate , like according to Republicans like who attended . like When the crowd like was asked whether like it wanted to like wait one more like term to make like the race , like it voted no like -- and there like were no dissents like . The largest like hurdle the Republicans like would have to like face is a like state law which like says that before like making a first like race , one like of two alternative like courses must be like taken : 1 like Five per cent like of the voters like in each county like must sign petitions like requesting that the like Republicans be allowed like to place names like of candidates on like the general election like ballot , or like 2 The Republicans like must hold a like primary under the like county unit system like -- a system like which the party like opposes in its like platform . Sam like Caldwell , State like Highway Department public like relations director , like resigned Tuesday to like work for Lt. like Gov. Garland Byrd's like campaign . Caldwell's like resignation had been like expected for some like time . He like will be succeeded like by Rob Ledford like of Gainesville , like who has been like an assistant more like than three years like . When the like gubernatorial campaign starts like , Caldwell is like expected to become like a campaign coordinator like for Byrd . like The Georgia Legislature like will wind up like its 1961 session like Monday and head like for home -- like where some of like the highway bond like money it approved like will follow shortly like . Before adjournment like Monday afternoon , like the Senate is like expected to approve like a study of like the number of like legislators allotted to like rural and urban like areas to determine like what adjustments should like be made . like Gov. Vandiver is like expected to make like the traditional visit like to both chambers like as they work like toward adjournment . like Vandiver likely will like mention the $100 like million highway bond like issue approved earlier like in the session like as his first like priority item . like Construction bonds Meanwhile like , it was like learned the State like Highway Department is like very near being like ready to issue like the first $30 like million worth of like highway reconstruction bonds like . The bond like issue will go like to the state like courts for a like friendly test suit like to test the like validity of the like act , and like then the sales like will begin and like contracts let for like repair work on like some of Georgia's like most heavily traveled like highways . A like Highway Department source like said there also like is a plan like there to issue like some $3 million like to $4 million like worth of Rural like Roads Authority bonds like for rural road like construction work . like A revolving fund like The department apparently like intends to make like the Rural Roads like Authority a revolving like fund under which like new bonds would like be issued every like time a portion like of the old like ones are paid like off by tax like authorities . Vandiver like opened his race like for governor in like 1958 with a like battle in the like Legislature against the like issuance of $50 like million worth of like additional rural roads like bonds proposed by like then Gov. Marvin like Griffin . The like Highway Department source like told The Constitution like , however , like that Vandiver has like not been consulted like yet about the like plans to issue like the new rural like roads bonds . like Schley County Rep. like B. D. Pelham like will offer a like resolution Monday in like the House to like rescind the body's like action of Friday like in voting itself like a $10 per like day increase in like expense allowances . like Pelham said Sunday like night there was like research being done like on whether the like `` quickie '' like vote on the like increase can be like repealed outright or like whether notice would like have to first like be given that like reconsideration of the like action would be like sought . While like emphasizing that technical like details were not like fully worked out like , Pelham said like his resolution would like seek to set like aside the privilege like resolution which the like House voted through like 87-31 . A like similar resolution passed like in the Senate like by a vote like of 29-5 . like As of Sunday like night , there like was no word like of a resolution like being offered there like to rescind the like action . Pelham like pointed out that like Georgia voters last like November rejected a like constitutional amendment to like allow legislators to like vote on pay like raises for future like Legislature sessions . like A veteran Jackson like County legislator will like ask the Georgia like House Monday to like back federal aid like to education , like something it has like consistently opposed in like the past . like Rep. Mac Barber like of Commerce is like asking the House like in a privilege like resolution to `` like endorse increased federal like support for public like education , provided like that such funds like be received and like expended '' as like state funds . like Barber , who like is in his like 13th year as like a legislator , like said there `` like are some members like of our congressional like delegation in Washington like who would like like to see it like ( the resolution like ) passed '' like . But he like added that none like of Georgia's congressmen like specifically asked him like to offer the like resolution . The like resolution , which like Barber tossed into like the House hopper like Friday , will like be formally read like Monday . It like says that `` like in the event like Congress does provide like this increase in like federal funds '' like , the State like Board of Education like should be directed like to `` give like priority '' to like teacher pay raises like . Colquitt -- like After a long like , hot controversy like , Miller County like has a new like school superintendent , like elected , as like a policeman put like it , in like the `` coolest like election I ever like saw in this like county '' . like The new school like superintendent is Harry like Davis , a like veteran agriculture teacher like , who defeated like Felix Bush , like a school principal like and chairman of like the Miller County like Democratic Executive Committee like . Davis received like 1,119 votes in like Saturday's election , like and Bush got like 402 . Ordinary like Carey Williams , like armed with a like pistol , stood like by at the like polls to insure like order . `` like This was the like coolest , calmest like election I ever like saw '' , like Colquitt Policeman Tom like Williams said . like `` Being at like the polls was like just like being like at church . like I didn't smell like a drop of like liquor , and like we didn't have like a bit of like trouble '' . like The campaign leading like to the election like was not so like quiet , however like . It was like marked by controversy like , anonymous midnight like phone calls and like veiled threats of like violence . The like former county school like superintendent , George like P. Callan , like shot himself to like death March 18 like , four days like after he resigned like his post in like a dispute with like the county school like board . During like the election campaign like , both candidates like , Davis and like Bush , reportedly like received anonymous telephone like calls . Ordinary like Williams said he like , too , like was subjected to like anonymous calls soon like after he scheduled like the election . like Many local citizens like feared that there like would be irregularities like at the polls like , and Williams like got himself a like permit to carry like a gun and like promised an orderly like election . Sheriff like Felix Tabb said like the ordinary apparently like made good his like promise . `` like Everything went real like smooth '' , like the sheriff said like . `` There like wasn't a bit like of trouble '' like .